Steph, obviously with Dylan out, you're handling the ball more than ever.
Are there other factors that go into the turnovers?
Is there anything you guys need to tighten up just all the way around offensively?
I think it's more personal.
On my end, just really speeding myself up.
Not allowing our screeners to get hit.
It's putting me in a position where I have to play fast
or my screener might get offensive foul.
I put us at a disadvantage to start the game with those.
Some of it comes with fatigue, but at this point of the season it's really no excuse.
Steph, I know you guys don't use injuries as excuses for anything that happens,
but what are the differences between you guys have had experience playing without your key guys,
what's the difference between going into a game knowing that they're going to be out
versus losing a player midway through a game like Dylan tonight?
It's tough.
Regardless, I think the five guys on the court are pretty much connected at all times.
Obviously we want all of our guys to be healthy and be on the court.
Just to see if they might go out mid-game gives you a little bit more motivation to do it for them.
But after coming into the game, we had the same mindset with Fox out.
Obviously one person can't make up for what Fox or somebody else can't make up for what no deal brings for us.
Just trying to do it as a team.
Steph, Wallace was pressing you against the backcourt line a ton.
Have you had to deal with that level of ball pressure in the NBA at this point?
How did you guys try to get out of those situations where you know you can't be trapped against those lines
because there's an extra defender out there?
It's not the first time we've been pressured.
We've been playing basketball for a long time.
We get pressured as guards all the time.
It was something that we talked about and went over with our coaches.
I mean, you've got to be better and cleaner with it.
Fox has been mentoring you all season.
What was his message to you tonight when he realized he wasn't going to go
and you had those 11 turnovers last game?
How do you feel like you lived up to what you were hoping to do tonight
and what could you do better?
Yeah, I mean, the big thing is just playing off two feet,
not getting sped up.
I mean, obviously, I did do a great job of that.
But yeah, just trying to keep my teammates involved,
trying not to do too much on the offensive end,
trying to make the simple play as much as I can.
I mean, yeah, even after having all those turnovers,
we still gave ourselves a chance to win.
So, I mean, leaving here with that is definitely a plus.
Steph, how much does your individual mentality change
when both Dylan and the Aaron are out?
Does it require a different approach from you overall?
I don't know if I've played a game with both of them out
earlier in the year. I don't think so.
I mean, yes. I mean, it's tough.
I mean, having another ball handler on the court
at all times is definitely a luxury.
I think, you know, Jay Mac played big minutes today
when he came in, helped me out, helped us out a ton.
So, I mean, yeah, it's tough.
But I think just, you know, with all of our energy,
mainly focused on the defensive end,
I just think, well, me personally,
I just have to take my time a lot more on the offensive end
and try and make, you know, the simple read as much as I can.
Steph, Coach said you were a warrior out there tonight.
How do you balance that attack mindset
and always attacking with the patience and that part of it?
Yeah, I think the way that they guard,
they do a good job of trying to bait you
into playing one-on-one.
And a lot of the times you can probably go create your own shot,
but I think for the team and for the way that we play,
we don't want to play that way.
So, I mean, trying to balance, you know, when to be aggressive
versus, you know, keeping my teammates involved
and trying to make the right pass,
make sure everybody's in rhythm.
So, I mean, yeah, it's tough,
but I mean, we've seen them multiple times
and it's kind of been the same theme with them.
So, I mean, yeah, I mean, that's the luxury of, you know,
playing in a series, you know, you lose a game
and you get to go back and look at it
and see what you did wrong.
Steph, you guys preached about short-term memory all season long.
How, you guys are going back to San Antonio on Friday.
How are you going to prepare yourself for San Antonio
and mentally get back to where you need to get to
before your goal that you have in the season?
I mean, we're probably most comfortable
playing in front of our fans.
So, I mean, I don't think we'll have any problem doing that,
but I mean, mentally, I think we're all in a good headspace.
We came here, you know, won a game on the road
and they're a good team and they responded.
So, you know, now we have a chance
to play in front of our fans.
So, I mean, I think we'll erase this game pretty quick.
I don't want to watch it and, you know, go through it
and scout it, but I mean, yeah, I mean,
looking forward to next game, it's in two days.
So, I mean, we've done a good job of having short-term memory
all season.
So, I don't see what to change.
Steph, what would you say was the biggest challenge
with containing O.K.C.'s pace tonight?
I think it started probably with,
probably a lot with my turnovers, honestly.
Them being able to get out and transition
and, you know, get a rhythm that early.
I think they, I don't know how many points they had
in transition in the first half, probably, like, 15, 16.
So, and it was like a eight-point game.
So, I mean, yeah, just trying to take care of the ball,
you know, the offensive end
and forcing the play against our half-court defense.
I feel like for the most part,
we've been pretty solid in our half-court defense.
So, just not allowing our offense to hurt our defense.
Steph, I want to take you back to the second quarter.
You have a pretty big dunk that in normal games
would change momentum swings,
yet it swings the momentum the other way,
like immediately in the eight quarters
that you guys have played because they over time
didn't seem like anybody can grab the momentum.
Can you just talk about the mental exhaustion
of getting back and forth
and just not being able to grab the momentum
and just going back and forth in that tug-of-war?
Yeah, I think it's a game of runs.
And I think with high-level teams like that,
there's a lot of talent on the floor
and, you know, typically that comes with big plays.
But I just think with all the talent that is on the floor,
I feel like everybody's, you know,
seen the play like that before.
So, you know, you kind of wash it pretty quick
and get back to, you know, playing basketball.
So, I think they did a good job of that,
especially in that quarter.
So, I mean, I think we just got to be better.
Not sure if you've been asked yet about Dylan Harper
getting all rookie at first team,
but I wanted to ask about the character
that he's brought to this first team this year.
Yeah.
Dylan's really good.
I think he's going to be a great player in this league
for a long time.
I mean, he's super humble and super selfless
with, you know, how good he is.
So, you know, I'm happy that he got that award.
He was very deserving of it.
So, I mean, you'll see a lot of accolades
from him for a long time.